[OSDOCS-19681]:Spot Instance support for HCP on AWS (#111915)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/hcp-aws-spot-instance-enable.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
// hosted_control_planes/hcp-manage/hcp-manage-aws.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="hcp-aws-spot-instance-enable_{context}"]
= Enabling Amazon Spot Instance support for node pools

[role="_abstract"]
You can enable Amazon Spot Instances for your compute nodes in hosted cluster node pools.

.Prerequisites

* You set up Amazon Simple Queue Service (SQS) and Amazon EventBridge to receive Amazon EC2 interruption events.

* You have the URL of your Amazon SQS queue, which you created in "Configuring Amazon SQS and Amazon EventBridge to receive Amazon EC2 interruption events".

.Procedure

. Set the Amazon SQS queue URL on your hosted cluster.

** If you are setting the SQS queue URL on a new hosted cluster, take the following steps:

... Configure the `HostedCluster` resource as follows:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: hypershift.openshift.io/v1beta1
kind: HostedCluster
metadata:
  name: <my_hosted_cluster>

>   namespace: <my_hosted_cluster_namespace>

Author: Technical reviewers: The value in the upstream PR [1] uses `clusters` for the namespace value, but when we've used `clusters` as a namespace value in the official docs, customers have been confused as to whether the namespace is the hosted cluster namespace or the hosted control namespace. 

I want to clarify here whether we're referring to the hosted cluster namespace or the hosted control namespace. PTAL and let me know if what I have here is correct.

[1] https://github.com/openshift/hypershift/pull/8485/changes#diff-d88b12d5d6777496195b220f3cd3f30870fb1a90dd31eb0d6e5012f05e984352

spec:
  platform:
    type: AWS
    aws:
      region: us-east-1
      terminationHandlerQueueURL: "https://sqs.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/123456789012/my-cluster-spot-interruption-queue"
...
----
+
where:
+
`spec.platform.aws.terminationHandlerQueueURL`:: Specifies the SQS queue URL.

... Apply the configuration by entering the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc apply -f <hosted_cluster_config>.yaml
----

** If you are setting the SQS queue URL on an existing hosted cluster, patch the `HostedCluster` resource as follows:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc patch hostedcluster my-cluster -n clusters --type merge -p '{
  "spec": {
    "platform": {
      "aws": {
        "terminationHandlerQueueURL": "https://sqs.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/123456789012/my-cluster-spot-interruption-queue"
      }
    }
  }
}'
----

. Create a `NodePool` object that has the Spot market type configured, as shown in the following example:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: hypershift.openshift.io/v1beta1
kind: NodePool
metadata:
  name: spot-workers
  namespace: <my_hosted_cluster_namespace>
spec:
  clusterName: <my_hosted_cluster>
  replicas: 3
  release:

>     image: quay.io/openshift-release-dev/ocp-release:4.18.0-x86_64

Author: Should the release image be `4.22.0-x86_64` instead of `4.18`?

// Module included in the following assemblies:
// hosted_control_planes/hcp-manage/hcp-manage-aws.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="hcp-aws-spot-instance-enable_{context}"]
= Enabling Amazon Spot Instance support for node pools

[role="_abstract"]

> You can enable Amazon Spot Instances for your compute nodes in hosted cluster node pools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable Amazon Spot Instances for your compute nodes in hosted cluster node pools to reduce cloud infrastructure costs for non-critical and fault-tolerant workloads.
```
Suggestion to spruce up the "why", based on the abstract of the concept module.

Author: Nice!
